Red sauce pasta recipe how to make classic tomato sauce pasta recipe. a classical italian red coloured pasta made with homemade red pasta sauce. it is one of the traditional italian cuisine recipe known for its, taste, flavour and creaminess in each bite. the recipe is very much inspired from the italian cuisine but a tailored and customised recipe for indian taste buds. 

indian cuisine is known for its versatility and also for its adapting nature from other cuisines. especially it has adapted myriad recipes from western and eurpoean cuisine. one such easy and simple adapted recipe is the traditional pasta recipe or popularly known as red sauce pasta recipe.pasta recipes are one of the popular recipes,we all need indian taste of desi touch with their pasta recipe. hence to introduce an indian touch, we can use a couple of ingredients native to indian cuisine. firstly i have used kashmiri chilli or also known as byadigi chillies in this recipe. these chillies not only help to introduce the spice heat but also gives the dark red colour to the sauce. also, the tomatoes used are native to indian cuisine and are not specifically used in italian cuisine. in addition, i have used mixed herbs which contains basil leaves and are readily available in any supermarkets. however, the traditional recipe is made with fresh basil leaves.
furthermore, before wrapping up the recipe post, some more tips, suggestions and variations to red sauce pasta recipe. firstly, i would heavily recommend using penne pasta to prepare the red sauce based pasta. you may use other types of pasta but may not get the same taste and flavour. secondly, the sauce prepared in this recipe can also be used as pizza sauce. hence you may very well prepare this recipe in bulk and store it in an airtight container and use it whenever you require it. lastly, if you feel the chillies i have added are too much for your taste buds, you may reduce it by one or.

